pm: Make device pm optional per state (#60939)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/services/pm/device.rst

                state1: state1 {
                        compatible = "zephyr,power-state";
                        power-state-name = "suspend-to-ram";
                        zephyr,pm-device-enabled;
                        min-residency-us = <8000>;
                        exit-latency-us = <360>;
                };
        };
   };

.. note::

   When using :ref:`pm-system`, device transitions can be run from the idle thread.
   As functions in this context cannot block, transitions that intend to use blocking
   APIs **must** check whether they can do so with :c:func:`k_can_yield`.

This type of device power management can be useful in certain scenarios:

 - Simple devices that do not require any blocking operation when suspending and resuming.
   This implementation is reasonably simpler than device runtime power management.
 - For devices that can not any make power management decision and have to be always active. For
   example a firmware using Zephyr that is controlled by an external entity (e.g Host CPU).
   In this scenario, some devices have to be always active and should be suspended together with
   the SoC when requested by this external entity.

> It is important to emphasize that his method has, already mentioned,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to emphasize that this method has, as already mentioned,
```

:c:func:`pm_system_suspend()` along with entering a CPU or SOC power state.

If a decision to enter a CPU lower power state is made, the power management
subsystem will check if the selected low power state triggers device power
management and then suspend devices before changing state. The subsystem takes
care of suspending devices following their initialization order, ensuring that
possible dependencies between them are satisfied. As soon as the CPU wakes up
from a sleep state, devices are resumed in the opposite order that they were
suspended.

> 

Author: Example about this model ? Or about enabling/disabling it per power state ?

If it is about the model, there are some examples in lines 86/88.

> 

Reviewer: ok, right, this should be sufficient.
